♪Crinkling your eyes, you smile sweetly.♪
♪The way you run to me is lovely.♪
♪Your mouth corners are upturned.
Your smile is remarkable.♪
♪How come you happen to see me embarrassed?♪
♪Summer isn't more romantic
than the moment I met you.♪
♪Have I shown you romance or warmth?♪
♪My love for you stands the test of time.♪
♪I believe in eternity because of you.♪
♪I would risk my life to protect you,
my source of courage.♪
♪You give me a sense of security
by being at my side.♪
♪I love everything you have given me.♪
♪Together, we make a sweet love story.♪
=The Love Equations=
(Previously on Episode 10)
I really like you.
I really...
Thank you, anyway.
That's it?
Want to be in a relationship now?
Yes.
With whom?
Zhou Xiao.
(Episode 11: The Hidden Signal of Heartbeat)
(Nanfang University Forensic Lab)
In Blood Sample A,
a tiny amount of carbonyl hemoglobin
is detected.
Continue to test Sample B.
Understood.
Your two-hour isolation and learning
finally comes to an end.
I'm finished.
He said he would like to be
my forensic consultant,
but he never texted me back.
Ah!
I'm starving!
Lu said she would bring us midnight snacks.
How come she hasn't returned yet?
You scared me.
Since you can't wait any longer,
why not ask Fang Wei to buy it for you?
As Fang Wei said,
considering I don't like sports,
if I eat snacks late at night,
I will die very early.
To today's young people,
longevity means nothing at all.
I'm back.
Finally you're back!
I'm starving.
Wait, wait.
The oil spills out.
Let me find a lunch box.
Lunch box, lunch box.
Sure enough, take-out is the most delicious.
Are these your lunch boxes?
They don't want to wash them.
I'm really impressed by you two.
Don't you know
laziness is the ladder of human progress?
Exactly!
You always have a reason.
As I've just seen on the campus network,
on the night of 31st this month,
that is, the day after tomorrow,
there will be the Geminids.
Let's go and see them together.
No, I won't see them with you.
I'd like to see them with Fang Wei.
What a traitor!
You're a traitor.
Well, so are you.
You went out with Zhao Fanzhou
every day previously.
Did I complain about that?
I went out
with Zhao Fanzhou every day?
We are doing part-time jobs together.
By the way,
he has been absent from work for four days.
Four days? You remember it so clearly.
That's because
I have to do his job too.
Of course, I remember it.
Really?
Wei, I'll go and see
the meteor shower with you.
Okay.
Why don't you invite me?
You can take this opportunity
to ask the president of
the Badminton Club out with you.
Good idea.
Will it be
too obvious?
If we go out together,
it won't be obvious at all.
31st.
Fine.
This time,
my boyfriend has to give way to my friends.
After all, friends come first.
Long live
our friendship!
(999 Ganmaoling Granules)
Let me repay your loyalty
with meat.
Here you are.
It's my idea.
I want meat too.
Wei, you've become a bad girl!
You can't do this.
Yes, I can.
You really can't do this.
To sum up,
the basic ideological tendency of
"The Commentary of Zuo"...
Why did he text me back so late at night?
(Hi! I've finished a new chapter.
I'm sending it to you. Give me some advice.)
In other words, it contains...
Will you go to the library today?
That's all
for today's review.
You've done a good job.
This semester's class
comes to an end.
I wish you can get good grades
in the final exam.
Sir, you haven't underlined
the key points of the exam.
My lectures
are all key points.
Exactly.
Your lectures are all highlights.
But the exam paper is not big enough
to include all the highlights.
Stop flattering me.
How about this?
You can memorize
all the notes you've taken in my class.
That's all I can tell you.
Class is over.
Thank you, sir.
Here you are.
Those written in blue ink
are points the teacher emphasized
at least twice in class.
I love you so much!
Let's make copies of this.
Make a copy for me.
I have to go to the library for work.
Are you in a hurry to work
or to see someone in the library?
Don't talk nonsense!
I'm leaving.
Bye.
Cai Yasi seems to get knocked out.
Why?
Do you always think Cai Yasi
is more likely to be her boyfriend?
I'm only a fence-sitter.
I'll stand up for whomever my friend likes.
Me too.
You've finally come to work.
Sorry.
I'm mistaken.
Never mind.
You're so early today.
Yeah.
It's almost the end of the semester.
A lot of students come to return books,
so I'm a little busy lately.
Oh.
I can ask the office
to send someone to help you.
That's great. Thank you, Ms. Huang.
Ms. Huang.
What's the matter?
Um...
Did Zhao Fanzhou quit his job?
No.
These days, he is working on a project
under his tutor's instruction.
So he asked for leave.
So that explains it.
I thought he had quit.
No, he just asked for leave.
I see.
Ms. Huang, can I go out to answer the phone?
Sure.
Is the intensified training over?
No, not yet.
I told you to focus on it,
why are you still calling me?
Stop kidding.
I came out to call you secretly.
If the teacher finds out,
I'll be scolded severely.
Let's get to the point.
Do you know the Detective Art Festival
will be held tomorrow?
Yes, of course.
But I didn't
get a ticket.
You're so lucky.
I got two tickets.
Cai Yasi,
I respect you!
I won't say you're stingy any more.
You're not stingy at all.
In fact, you're quite generous.
So, let's meet at the exhibition tomorrow.
Call me when you leave the dorm.
I'll get there from here.
It's a very short distance.
Okay.
I'll wait for you at the entrance
and lay a red carpet for you.
Your attitude has changed
so fast.
All right.
I'm going back.
Take care!
Feed and clothe yourself well!
Wish you a long life!
What makes you sigh?
The Detective Exhibition?
So you want to ask Zhou Xiao
to go there with you?
Yeah.
But
the tickets have been sold out.
Alas! Look,
it's all my fault.
I've made you so busy with the project
that you don't even have time
to go out with girls.
I must find a way to make up for your loss.
Never mind, Professor.
Let's continue with the experiment.
We have to get the last set of data.
Water?
No, thanks.
I know a new move.
It's really awesome.
Do you want to learn it?
No, thanks.
What's wrong with you?
Talk to me.
You're here.
Sorry,
I'm late.
No, no, I'm not blaming you.
What's wrong?
Anything else?
I've heard that
the Geminids will come tomorrow.
Would you like to see them
with me on the playground?
What are you talking about?
All my roommates will be there,
not just us.
Okay.
Let's meet on the playground tomorrow.
I'll go there too.
Go ahead.
The playground is not mine.
Can you help me buy two tickets
to tomorrow's Detective Exhibition?
As a hot badminton star,
I can get whatever you want.
Professor.
Yes?
I've got all the data.
Please have a check.
There is no need
to check.
I trust you.
Okay.
It's all over.
Find some time
to send the data
to the Provincial Judicial Expertise Center.
I'm leaving now.
Okay.
Tidy up this room.
After that,
dress yourself up too.
You've kept working for days.
A young man like you should look decent.
I'm leaving.
Oh,
stay here for a while.
A student will come to borrow a book from me.
Please give it to her.
Okay.
Professor,
where is the book?
Over there.
What's its title?
There is only one book there.
I'm really a perfect professor.
It took me only 30 minutes
to get the tickets,
during which
I spent 20 minutes wondering
if I should help you.
After all, you've left me behind
all these days.
Oh, you're here.
Why are you here?
Professor Hu told me
to come here and find a book
about forensic medicine
which can help my writing.
I see.
Wait a minute.
I've made you so busy with the project
that you don't even have time
to go out with girls.
I must find a way to make up for your loss.
Let me look more carefully.
Take it easy.
A student handbook?
But it should be
a book about forensic medicine as he said.
Perhaps,
he hopes you can cultivate
your moral character
and learn to behave yourself
before writing novels?
Are you scolding me?
I have no idea.
Ask Professor Hu yourself.
Never mind.
Come with me.
Can I take a look at this?
If I can see it,
I won't come in vain even though
I don't get the book.
Wow.
Can I hold it?
What's this?
This is
a mouth gag.
We use it to open a dead man's mouth
to examine his mouth, lips and teeth.
Why should you examine
his mouth, lips and teeth?
By checking whether there is
any contusion or blood
on his oral mucosal tissues
and whether his teeth are loose,
we can judge
if he was suffocated to death
by external force.
And teeth
can be used to identify unknown dead bodies.
Your courses are really interesting.
This is...
Is it a spoon?
Impossible.
It's definitely not an ordinary spoon.
It's just a spoon.
Impossible.
Don't try to fool me.
It's really an ordinary spoon.
We use it to ladle out
the liquid in the stomach of a drowned man,
as well as the effusion
and extravasated blood
in the chest and lungs of a dead man.
Here you are.
Well,
can I take a picture?
It may be useful for my novel.
Go ahead.
Thank you.
Are you free tomorrow?
Let's go and see
the Detective Exhibition together.
But I've agreed
to go there with Cai Yasi.
Oh.
Sorry.
Never mind.
Next time.
Next time I'll invite you.
I'm leaving.
Okay.
Why did he suddenly become so cold?
The 27th International Milan Fashion Show
begins!
Do you think we can beat other girls?
Well, well.
I think Lu can beat other girls,
but you will be beaten.
You will be crushed.
Don't you want to try on
clothes for tomorrow?
By then, we will look as pretty as flowers,
and you will look like flower growers.
It's you two who are going
to date boys under meteors,
not us.
Wait a minute.
I'll get my Mihoo facial masks,
these are sponsorship by your friend.
One mask per person.
One mask
to moisturize your skin.
Only one?
You're really stingy.
One is enough. Be content,
okay?
Aren't you going to see
the exhibition with Cai Yasi?
That's a date too.
What kind of date is that?
It's more like a spring outing of two pupils.
I think
it's okay for me
to be dressed like this.
Anyway, no boy will notice me.
Who says girls get dressed up only for boys?
We dress ourselves for friends.
Let me pick some clothes for you.
Come on. Come with me.
Which one should I choose?
The red one.
It's eye-catching.
It's too bright.
Come here.
You.
Choose one for Wei.
You're better at this.
Come on, girl.
Here you are.
Are you serious?
Go, go.
Why are the lights out?
What a bummer!
Zhou Xiao,
when are you going to get up tomorrow?
Do you need me to wake you up before I leave?
Let me check the route first.
After I make clear how long
it will take to get there,
I'll tell you
if I need you to wake me up.
Okay.
Xiao,
why haven't you checked the route yet?
You seem to be not positive enough.
Why should I be positive?
I don't think
you really want to see
the exhibition with Cai Yasi.
It's not like that.
All right.
After you're done,
come to the playground to find us.
We'll go there early
and get a good position
to watch the meteor shower.
Remember to put on the clothes
we've picked for you today.
Okay.
Have a nice sleep.
Good night.
Are you free tomorrow?
Let's go and see
the Detective Exhibition together.
But I've agreed
to go there with Cai Yasi.
Oh.
Sorry.
Never mind.
Next time.
Next time I'll invite you.
I'm ready to go.
Thanks.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
Why are you here?
I'm delivering a file for Professor Hu.
She has dressed up specially for Cai Yasi.
Are you waiting for Bus 680 too?
How do you know that?
You're supposed to take it
to the Detective Exhibition.
Oh.
Get on the bus.
Sit here.
Reply when you see the message.
By the way,
I sent you the new novel last time.
I've received it.
Where are you going to send the file?
To the Provincial Judicial Expertise Center.
Is that far away?
Yes.
Hello?
Why don't you reply to my message?
I'm on my way.
See you about half an hour later.
I'm Cai Yasi's teacher
in the ACM intensified training camp.
Don't try to fool me.
You're so boring.
Cai Yasi attempted
to leave the camp without permission.
Everyone's cell phones should
be confiscated during the training.
Please don't disturb him again.
The training will end tomorrow.
You can talk to him after he returns.
Hello?
What's going on?
What's the matter?
It seems that Cai Yasi can't come out today.
I can go and see the exhibition with you.
But you have to send a file, don't you?
I can send it some other day.
Why have you
changed your mind so suddenly?
Have a guess.
You, you also want to see
the exhibition, right?
Put the file in your bag.
Sir,
what did Zhou Xiao say?
Nothing.
How can you leave
before you finish your work?
If you can't finish it,
you must stay and continue working
even if the training is over today.
You can detain my body,
but you can't detain my heart.
How dare you talk back to me?!
Focus on your work.
(The Detective Kingdom Art Exhibition)
A detective suit!
My favorite.
You must have been waiting for me so long.
Don't worry.
I'll take you home immediately.
I need a basket.
This one.
Let me help you.
Thank you.
Do I look like a detective?
Yeah.
Bow ties.
I have to get some.
Give it to me.
Thanks.
Here.
Hello. May I pay the bill?
Miss, it's 628 yuan.
628 yuan?
Well,
take the cookies away from the bill.
Okay.
It's 580 yuan.
Thank you for inviting me to the exhibition.
Let me give you a gift in return.
Thank you.
Why not put it on?
I'd better not.
Will it make you embarrassed?
It doesn't matter at all.
You will find it interesting
only if you join me.
Let's have fun today. Don't think too much
Help me.
What?
I don't know how to put it on.
But...
Let's have fun today.
Don't think too much.
Do you want to put it on?
Yes.
Hold,
hold this.
All right.
What are you doing?
The glasses.
Do it yourself.
Sir,
well,
can you explain once more
the sieve of Eratosthenes?
It's a problem of number theory
usually found in the contest.
Let me explain it to you.
To find all the prime numbers
less than or equal to
a given integer N, if it's composite,
all its divisors
won't be more than its square root.
Sir,
sir.
You can use this method
to intuitively find
all the prime numbers
less than or equal to N.
Sir.
Here is the programming algorithm
I've written.
Can you check if it's right?
Let me see.
Use a different algorithm.
It's a seal.
Let me try.
Look.
Here you are.
Enjoy yourself.
I'll go and buy something.
Oh. Okay.
Hey.
Lift me. I want the seal.
Boy,
you're too rude.
Come on.
You're so weak.
The seals you've got are all the same.
You're so short
that you can't even reach the seal.
You're so ugly
with glasses
that you can't find a boyfriend.
You...
Come down.
Do it yourself.
I won't find
a girlfriend like you
who is so ugly with glasses.
I...
All right, all right.
Come on.
Impress the seal on your notebook.
How come you, a little boy,
are so mean to others?
Hey, thank you.
You're welcome.
Do I really look ugly?
What's wrong?
Nothing.
Where are your glasses?
I took them off.
They're too heavy.
I won't wear them, either.
Can I put them in your bag?
Of course.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay.
Come here.
Take a picture of my idols and me.
I'll stand in the middle.
I want both of them.
What are you doing?
Look at the camera.
(Cai Yasi)
Hello?
I'm already at the entrance
to the Detective Exhibition
and having my ticket checked.
Where are you now?
What?
I'm seeing the exhibition.
Didn't you say you couldn't come today?
All right.
I'm coming out. Wait for me.
Sorry.
I'll come back later.
Cai Yasi is here.
Let's go and find him.
Here is my ticket.
Okay.
Where did you buy the ticket?
It took me a long time to get it.
I bought it online too.
Cai Yasi.
I thought you didn't manage to escape.
Why did you two come together?
We
met on the bus.
What a coincidence!
You have a ticket too?
Anyway, I was stood up by you.
Sorry...
I didn't mean to.
Forget it.
This is for you.
Thanks.
You're welcome.
But why do you give it to me?
If I haven't been caught by my teacher,
I would have come
and see the exhibition with you.
Right?
It's meaningless to make an assumption
while ignoring the result.
Here are the cookies
you wanted to buy just now.
Is this also for me?
Why did you buy so many cookies?
For you and your roommates.
It's weird.
Why are you guys
so nice to me today?
I've never been treated like this before?
Am I sick?
No, I'm very well.
No.
When will the meteor shower begin?
Why should we go so early?
What if it comes earlier?
Exactly. Let's go.
I'm going that way.
I have to go to the playground to see
the meteor shower with my roommates.
Let's go together.
Fanzhou,
I'm waiting for the meteor shower
on the playground.
Would you like to come and see it with me?
I'll get a good position for you.
I'll sign for you all. Take it easy.
Why isn't Zhou Xiao here yet?
Who knows?
Zhou Xiao!
Come here.
Why aren't you on the playground?
Come on.
Did you see the fall series?
Yes, we did.
Is he holding a signing session?
Are we going to see the meteors
or the badminton star?
At first, only one girl
recognized him.
But he said in a voice
even louder than campus broadcast,
"It's me!
I'm Xie Yixing, the badminton star!"
Then it became like this.
Leave him alone.
Let's go inside.
Go inside?
We were pushed out by the crowd just now.
I've conservatively estimated
that there should be 3,000 people at least.
3,000?
How about seeing the meteor shower
somewhere else?
All good places have been occupied now.
Where can we go?
I know a place.
Where is it?
We've been there before.
What place?
The deserted teaching building
where we looked for the cat together.
Fanzhou,
why didn't you answer my phone?
(Next Episode)
His confession at the school anniversary
was so romantic.
They will be together sooner or later, right?
You two can have a try.
I think your mind must be in sync
with Cai Yasi's.
♪Sunshine falls into the wind's arms.♪
♪A breath of sweet air drifts over.♪
♪Since the day I met you,♪
♪I have learned that a view is only fine
when you are part of it.♪
♪Taking in your feelings quietly.♪
♪Perhaps a step back should
be taken to get closer.♪
♪Thank you for building
a pure friendship with me.♪
♪You will find love eventually.♪
♪How lucky I am to know you while I'm young.♪
♪You leave me with wonderful memories
to be remembered.♪
♪Wherever you go in the future,♪
♪I will stay with you
and support you until the end.♪
♪I would be happy to see you happy.♪
♪He tolerates my willfulness.♪
♪Thank you for building
a pure friendship with me.♪
♪I will find love eventually.♪
♪How lucky I am to know you while I'm young.♪
♪You leave me with wonderful memories
to be remembered.♪
♪Wherever you go tomorrow,♪
♪I will stay with you
and support you until the end.♪